Ah, a Ditto huh? Good choice trying to copy us, but there's only one Jynx and you're looking at her!

Nice try, Ditto, attempting to transform into Jynx! But you can't copy this level of fabulousness and power!

Haha, gotcha! Sleep tight, Ditto! Jynx's Lovely Kiss has you snoozing like a baby.

Jynx just gave Ditto a taste of gravity with Seismic Toss! Wake up, Ditto, and prepare for more pain!

Another Lovely Kiss from Jynx! Ditto's off to la-la land again. Let's see you transform out of this one!

Oh, Ditto suddenly knows Lovely Kiss too? Sorry, but Jynx won't be falling asleep to her own move! Try again!

Only 14 damage from Seismic Toss? Chansey just shrugs that off. Looks like Ditto and I need to try a bit harder!

That's all Ditto has got? Chansey barely noticed that Psychic attack! Meanwhile, Ditto just got a brutal Thunderbolt to the face!

A Blizzard from Ditto and a Thunderbolt from Chansey, but Ditto's Blizzard is as weak as its Psychic! Keep trying, Ash!

A swing and a miss for Ditto's Blizzard! Meanwhile, Chansey just healed up with Soft-Boiled. It's going to take more than that to take her down!

Ha! Jynx managed to make Ditto faint with a little Thunderbolt action! Now you're sending in Snorlax? You're scraping the bottom of the barrel, Ash!

Sing may have missed, but Snorlax's Body Slam didn't! Chansey's feeling the weight of that one!

Chansey shrugs off that Body Slam from Snorlax and just heals it off with Soft-Boiled. You're going to have to do better than that, Ash!

Another Body Slam from Snorlax? Really grasping at straws here, aren't we Ash? Chansey barely felt that one. Keep trying!

A lullaby from Chansey? Snorlax might actually welcome a nap after this sorry battle, but don't get too cozy!

Chansey's Soft-Boiled just keeps healing her up, while Snorlax's Body Slam barely fazes her. Is this the best you got, Ash?

Another Body Slam from Snorlax? Chansey's practically using those as pillows now. Keep rolling around, Snorlax. Let's see when you actually manage to make a real impact!

Chansey's just shrugging off these attacks and healing herself up with Soft-Boiled. Snorlax's Body Slams are about as effective as a tickle to her!

Chansey just doesn't seem to mind these Body Slams. Snorlax is going to have to do better than that to even poke a hole in Chansey's defenses!

Chansey's Soft-Boiled is keeping her in tip-top shape, and Snorlax's Body Slam is pretty much just a massage at this point. Keep trying, Ash!

Your Snorlax's Body Slam may as well be a tickle at this point, Ash. Chansey's just bouncing back from those hits with Soft-Boiled!

And there it is! Snorlax finally succumbs to Chansey's lullaby and falls asleep. Time to dream about a better battle plan, Ash!

Starmie's up now, and Snorlax is still catching some Z's. Time for some star-powered pain from Starmie!

Starmie's Psychic might not be able to wake Snorlax up, but it certainly delivered a wake-up call in terms of damage! Keep dreaming, Snorlax!

Starmie's Psychic is really giving Snorlax a headache now! Still snoozing, Snorlax? Better hope you don't wake up with an even bigger headache!

Starmie's Psychic is really piling up the damage now. Poor Snorlax is just taking a nap, while Starmie keeps the pain coming!

Another Psychic from Starmie, huh? Chansey might feel that one a little, but she's not worried. Keep channeling that energy, Starmie!

Chansey attacking Chansey? Talk about self-love! But, Ash, you might wanna aim those Blizzards in our direction next time!

Looks like our Chansey has a nice chat with yours, and then heals right back up. And your Blizzard? Well, it's about as threatening as a gentle snowfall. Keep up the good work!

Your Blizzard missed, and our Chansey's Ice Beam might be chilly, but it barely does anything! Maybe next time, huh?

Your attempt at a Blizzard missed, but Chansey's Ice Beam didn't do much either. Looks like we're both just flinging ice around without much effect!

Looks like both Chansey's are having an icy showdown with Blizzard and Ice Beam, but not much is happening! Fingers crossed for a critical hit next time, huh?

Chansey vs. Chansey, and it's a battle of ice! Chansey's own Blizzard missed, but a little Ice Beam from our Chansey adds just a small chill. Just a little cold comfort, Ash.

Chansey's Blizzard didn't do much, and our Chansey just laughs it off and tops up with Soft-Boiled. Your ice can't freeze us, Ash!

Your Blizzard might have hit, but a little Ice Beam from our Chansey isn't enough to bother her. It's time to chill out, huh?

Your Chansey's healing herself with Soft-Boiled again. We're barely dancing around with these Ice Beams and Blizzards. This is starting to feel more like a snowball fight than a Pokémon battle!

Chansey nails that Ice Beam on Jynx, even scoring a critical hit! Seems like we're bringing a bit of chill to the party!

Starmie's feeling a bit chilly after that Blizzard from Jynx. I guess Starmie needs to toughen up, or thaw out!

Jynx's Psychic didn't do much damage to Chansey. If you want to leave a scratch, you'll have to try a lot harder!

Chansey laughs off your Psychic and just heals right back up with Soft-Boiled. Nice try, but not a scratch!

Chansey's Thunderbolt might not seem like much, but it's just the beginning. Can't say the same for Jynx's Psychic though!

A little psychic attack from Jynx, huh? Starmie's pretty resilient though, she can take more than that!

Jynx's Psychic doesn't seem to faze Slowbro. Just a little tap on the shell!

Switching in Jolteon, huh? Slowbro's just using Amnesia to clear its head and gear up. What tricks does Jolteon have in store?

Oh, a Thunderbolt from Jolteon. Not bad, but Slowbro just hit back with a Thunder Wave – you might need to slow down, Jolteon!

Looks like Slowbro's psychic power packed a punch, and Jolteon responds with an Agility boost. Speed won't save you for long though!

Slowbro's countering with Amnesia, further boosting its Special Defense to handle your Jolteon's Thunderbolt with ease! Keep it coming, Slowbro!

Slowbro is out, but in comes Snorlax! Let's see if your Jolteon can handle this behemoth!

Another Thunder Wave from Jolteon? Snorlax's just bulldozing through with a Body Slam, leaving Jolteon paralyzed and hurting!

Jolteon didn't stand a chance against the might of Snorlax's Body Slam! And now you've brought out Tauros, huh? Let's see if it can withstand the might of Snorlax!

Snorlax is down! But now you've brought out Tauros to take on, well, Tauros! This is getting interesting!

Well, that's the end of Tauros! Chansey is up next to face the might of your Jynx. Let's see what she's got!

Chansey is looking to paralyze Jynx with a Thunder Wave. Let’s see if you can slow our charming little dancer down!

Paralysis has Chansey frozen in place while Snorlax takes to the field! Try getting past this imposing powerhouse!

Chansey's a bit stuck there, isn't she? Seems like that Thunder Wave did its job!

Snorlax decided to take a snooze and heal up, but Starmie will need to bring a lot more than just headaches if it wants to take Snorlax down!

Snorlax is taking an extended nap, but it seems you've called in Tauros to keep the battle going! Let's see if Tauros can shake Snorlax awake!

Tauros's Body Slam puts some pressure on Chansey. It seems like the battle is heating up!

Chansey is out! It's now time for Tauros to show what it can do. Your turn!

Looks like a showdown between Tauros! Both delivering and taking heavy hits with Body Slam. It's a battle of endurance, which Tauros will come out on top?!

It's a back and forth slugfest with Tauros dealing and receiving Body Slams! Who will come out on top? This showdown is intense!

Tauros's Hyper Beam is not holding anything back, dealing a massive 71 damage to Chansey! Chansey may be kind, but she'll have to shake off that hit!

Looks like Chansey's trying to put Tauros to sleep with Sing. Even the rowdy Tauros can't resist the lullaby!

Chansey's Ice Beam hits Snorlax, causing some frosty damage! Gotta wear a sweater around Chansey!

Looks like Chansey is paralyzed and unable to act. Snorlax is pretty resilient against that Ice Beam!

Chansey's paralysis is keeping her out of action. Meanwhile, Snorlax boosts its defense by setting up Reflect, creating a protective barrier.

Chansey is unable to battle, so Tauros storms into the fray in her place. Let's see what this Tauros can do!

Tauros, with a Blizzard attack? Didn't quite hold up against Snorlax's Body Slam, but it's always interesting to see different moves from a Tauros!

Tauros has been taken down after a Hyper Beam from Snorlax, but in comes Jynx! Let's see what Jynx brings to the battle!

Uh-oh, Jynx is taking a snooze after Snorlax's Body Slam. This is not looking good for Jynx!

Starmie's up and ready to go after Jynx took a tumble. Let's see if we can turn this around!

Oh no, Starmie's been frozen solid by Snorlax's attack – this battle is just getting colder by the minute!

Starmie is down after being frozen by Snorlax's heavy hit. Gotta keep the fire going!