Gary: Dodge those water attacks, Alakazam! Your Starmie can't outsmart my powerful psychic moves. Get ready to be dazzled, Ash!

Gary: Haha, switching to Chansey won’t save you, Ash! Alakazam's Thunder Wave will leave you paralyzed and unable to keep up with the pace of this battle!

Gary: Chansey frozen in fear? Looks like my Alakazam's Psychic powers are too much for your team to handle, Ash! Your Chansey won't be smiling after this beating!

Gary: Desperate moves, Ash? Your Chansey can heal all it wants, but my Alakazam's Psychic onslaught will wear it down. Ready to see your team crumble under pressure!

Gary: Oh, trying to cool down my Alakazam with Ice Beam? Your Chansey is all over the place, Ash! Can't withstand the psychic power I bring to this battle!

Gary: Chansey frozen in place again? It’s like watching a slow-motion defeat for you, Ash! Alakazam's Psychic dominance is too much for your team to handle!

Gary: Chansey playing doctor now? Your pathetic attempts at healing won't save you from the inevitable, Ash! Alakazam's Psychic attacks will crush your team piece by piece!

Gary: Oh, back to Starmie, Ash? Can't decide who's the real star of your team? Alakazam's Psychic will keep shining bright and take down any challenger you throw at me!

Gary: Exeggutor stepping in? Your team must be a mess if you keep switching around! Alakazam's Psychic will bring down every tree you throw my way, Ash!

Gary: Ha! Trying to put my Alakazam to sleep? Your Exeggutor is all leaves and no brains! My Alakazam will be wide awake and ready to crush your feeble attempts!

Gary: Tsk, tsk, Alakazam frozen in place now? Looks like my psychic powerhouse is struggling to keep up! Get ready, Ash, my strategy will outlast your erratic gameplay!

Ash: Tauros used Earthquake.

Gary: Finally decided to switch again, Ash? Your team is all over the place! My Snorlax won't be fooled by your games. Get ready for a heavyweight showdown!

Gary: Exeggutor rooted in place? It's like watching a tree trying to dance! Snorlax's Body Slam will flatten anything in its path, Ash! Your team can't handle this weight!

Gary: Explosive finish, Ash? Looks like Exeggutor sacrificed itself just to take down my Snorlax! Clever move, but my team isn't rattled. Tauros will meet the same fate!

Gary: Back for more Exeggutor? Tauros aiming for shaky ground? Your moves are as unsteady as your skill, Ash! My Exeggutor will stand tall and crush your hopes!

Gary: Bringing back Chansey for more punishment? Your team is a mess, Ash! Exeggutor's Psychic will leave Chansey dazed and confused. Prepare for the inevitable defeat!

Gary: Thunder Wave from Chansey, trying to slow down Snorlax? Your tactics are weak, Ash! My Snorlax won't be paralyzed by your feeble attempts to stop its rampage!

Gary: Snorlax paralyzed too? Looks like your strategies are as stagnant as your battling skills, Ash! My Snorlax will break free and crush any obstacle you throw next!

Gary: Snorlax reflecting on its choices now? Your defensive tactics won't save you from Gengar's haunting moves, Ash! Prepare for a shadowy showdown you won't forget!

Gary: Chansey making another appearance? Your team is a carousel of failures, Ash! Gengar's Psychic will haunt Chansey's dreams and leave you scrambling for a way out!

Gary: Chansey frozen in place again? Your team's like a broken record, Ash! My Snorlax won't be stopped by your feeble attempts. Prepare for the ultimate defeat!

Gary: Chansey healing itself? Your reliance on Soft-Boiled won't save you from Snorlax's crushing Body Slam, Ash! The weight of defeat is coming crashing down on you!

Gary: Chansey healing itself won't change the outcome, Ash! My Snorlax's Body Slam will knock the hope right out of you! Your Chansey can't patch up this defeat!

Gary: Chansey playing nurse won't save you now, Ash! Snorlax's relentless Body Slam will put an end to your healing tricks. Your Chansey can't escape its fate!

Gary: Snorlax frozen in its tracks? Your last-ditch Ice Beam won't cool the fire of my team's determination, Ash! Prepare for the final slam of defeat!

Gary: Ah, resorting to self-destruction, Ash? What a desperate move! My Zapdos is ready to shock your Starmie and send it back to the ocean. Victory is electrifyingly close!

Gary: Oh, Zapdos facing off against itself? Classic move, Ash! My Zapdos' Thunderbolt strikes faster and harder. Looks like the thunder rolls in my favor!

Gary: Mirror match, Ash? Your imitation tactics won't shock my Zapdos! Prepare to be struck down by the real thunder! My Zapdos reigns supreme in this electrifying showdown!

Gary: Racing against thunder's might with Agility, Ash? Your Zapdos is all flash and no power! My Zapdos' Thunderbolt will strike true and secure my thunderous victory!

Gary: Thunderbolt clashes and Thunder Wave strikes! Your Zapdos can't escape my control, Ash! In this electrifying battle, my Zapdos reigns supreme with a shocking victory in sight!

Gary: Zapdos down! Taurus charging in against my triumphant Zapdos? Your team's in shambles, Ash! Get ready for the final stampede as I secure my well-deserved victory!

Gary: Tauros trying to chill my Alakazam? Your moves are as icy as your fate, Ash! Time for Alakazam to turn the tables with a mind-blowing comeback!

Gary: Alakazam taken down by a Hyper Beam? Your Tauros finally showing some power! But my Exeggutor's ready to plant your chances of winning! Ash, prepare for a leafy defeat!

Gary: Tauros playing rough with Body Slam? My Exeggutor's Psychic power plants its root deep in your team, Ash! Watch as your Tauros crumbles under the mystical might!

Gary: Explosive battle, Ash! Your Tauros and my Exeggutor are out. It's time for a thunderous clash! My Zapdos is ready to soar above and bring the storm to your Snorlax!

Gary: My Zapdos zapped out by Snorlax's Ice Beam? Bold move, Ash! But now, Gengar's eerie presence will haunt your Snorlax and tip the scales in my favor! Victory is within my grasp!

Gary: Gengar's explosive play sacrifices itself to take down Snorlax! My Tauros charges in to finish what Gengar started! Prepare for the final stampede, Ash - it's game over for you!

Gary: Tauros, finish it off with a powerful Hyper Beam! Say goodbye to your last Pokémon, Ash! The battle is over, and the victory is mine!