A legendary beast, Raikou, huh? Snorlax is ready to swat that lightning fast feline away.

Snorlax's Body Slam has already put a dent in your Machamp. I hope you have some potions ready, Ash!

Rock Slide? Seriously? Misdreavus probably felt a little pebble hit! Is that the best Machamp can do?

Misdreavus is just giving Zapdos a little scare with that Toxic. Better luck next time!

Zapdos, shocking itself with Thunder? Not the sharpest move! And Misdreavus just chilling behind its Protect like "Is that all you got?"

Hidden Power? That's the best Zapdos can do? Misdreavus just laughs it off and keeps spreading that Toxic vibe!

Another Thunder miss from Zapdos? Misdreavus must be playing mind games because that Psychic hit wasn't very effective!

That's right Zapdos, take a nice little nap while Misdreavus just sits back and relaxes behind its Protect. Gotta catch some Z's to handle Misdreavus, huh?

Zapdos waking up and zapping Cloyster with Thunder, I'll admit, that was pretty electrifying! But here comes Blissey, ready to spread some healing and happiness!

Blissey just roasted your Machamp with a Flamethrower! That's right, Blissey means business!

Rock Slide from Machamp? Skarmory just laughed that off. I hope you've got something more than pebbles in your attacks, Ash!

Skarmory's Drill Peck just punctured Cloyster! Your sea creature is not looking so tough now, Ash!

Setting up Spikes, Cloyster? You're trying to be strategic now? Zapdos won't be zapping through those spikes very easily!

Zapdos zapped Raikou with Thunder! Your legendary electric tiger just got a little taste of its own medicine!

Raikou getting some beauty sleep with Rest, huh? Blissey is just getting ready to spread some more of that caring and kindness!

Blissey's Flamethrower scorched Misdreavus! Not so mischievous now, are you?

Nice try with Thief, Misdreavus, but stealing from Skarmory is like trying to pickpocket a suit of armor!

Misdreavus just zapped Skarmory into oblivion with Thunder! And Blissey's sho' ain't gonna save the day this time!

Looks like Misdreavus proved its power by taking down Skarmory! Your Blissey won't be able to heal that defeat, Gary!